= GMate

This package contains some gedit improvements to make it more similar to TextMate.
The package contain code snippets, plugins, and an automatic registration of
rails-related files.

== Install

=== Ubuntu
1. Add Ubuntu on Rails PPA in System → Administration → Software Sources on
   Third Party Software tab:

     ppa:ubuntu-on-rails/ppa

2. Install gedit-gmate package:

     $ sudo apt-get install gedit-gmate

=== Other Linux
1. Install python-webkitgtk for Todo-List plugin.
   See http://code.google.com/p/pywebkitgtk
2. Install pyinotify for Gedit Open Files and SnapOpen plugins.
3. Download gmate sources or clone git repository:

     $ git clone git://github.com/gmate/gmate.git
     $ cd gmate

4. And run install script:

     $ sh install.sh

   <b>Note:</b> Some commands will expect you enter your sudo password.

== Gmate package include

=== Plugins

* Advanced Bookmarks – Highlight, remenber and toggle bookmarks in your files.
* Classbrowser – A Classbrowser (depends of ctags, I use exuberant-ctags).
* Find in Files – Find a string in files (integrated with filebrowser).
* Gedit Open File – Regex based file open (like textmate Go to file…).
* Gedit Todo – Find Todo Marks in source files (integrated with filebrowser).
* Gemini – Pair complete for quotes and braces.
* Quickhighligthmode – Fast change current highlight mode.
* Rails Extract Partial – Extract selected region of rhtml as a partial.
* Rails Hotcommands – Execute Rails Commands (such rake tasks).
* Rails Hotkeys – Navigation in Rails Project Files.
* Regex Search Replace – Search and replace with regular expressions.
* Smart Indent – Smart Indentation regex based.
* Tabulation – Auto set tabs and spaces based on file type.
* Text Tools – Some text manipulation improvements (adapted from line tools).
* Trailsave – Remove trailing spaces before save a document.
* Word Completion – Word completion plugin.
* Gedit Go To File – Yet Another Go to File plugin Just Like SnapOpen and
  GeditOpenFiles also based in Textmate Go to file.
* Multi Edit – Check it out at author's page http://jon-walsh.com/journal/multi-edit
* Pastie - Paste a selection of code or a source file to pastie.org directly from editor http://github.com/ivyl/gedit-pastie
* Zen Coding – Tools for faster HTML/CSS coding http://github.com/mikecrittenden/zen-coding-gedit 

<b>Note:</b> In order to use Go to File feature you need to choose just one of:
GeditGoToFile, SnapOpen or GeditOpenFiles. Multi Edit plugin is not enabled by
default Gmate installation.


=== Themes/Styles

* Active4d (Converted from Textmate)
* All Hallow's Eve (Converted from Textmate)
* Amy (Converted from Textmate)
* Argonaut  (Converted from Textmate)
* barf (Converted from Textmate)
* BBEdit (Converted from Textmate)
* Blackboard (Converted from Textmate)
* Black Pearl (Converted from Textmate)
* Black Pearl II (Converted from Textmate)
* Blue Dream
* Boys & Girls 0.1 (Converted from Textmate)
* Briliance Black (Converted from Textmate)
* Briliance Dull (Converted from Textmate)
* Chela Light
* choco (Converted from Textmate)
* Classic Modified (Mac classic)
* Cobalt [Was removed, now is included by default in Gedit]
* CodeZone (New!)
* Cool Glow (Converted from Textmate)
* Daltonism (Converted from Textmate)
* Darkmacs
* Darkmate
* Desert
* Dawn (Converted from Textmate)
* Desert
* Django (Converted from Textmate)
* Django (Smoothy) (Converted from Textmate)
* Dreamweaver
* eclips3.media (ECLM) (Converted from Textmate)
* Eiffel (Converted from Textmate)
* Emacs
* Emacs Dark (Converted from Textmate)
* Emacs Strict (Converted from Textmate)
* Expresso Libre (Converted from Textmate)
* Fade to Grey (Converted from Textmate)
* Fluffy
* ForLaTeX (Converted from Textmate)
* Fruity
* Github (Converted from Textmate)
* GlitterBomb (Converted from Textmate)
* IDLE (Converted from Textmate)
* idleFingers (Converted from Textmate)
* iLife 05 (Converted from Textmate)
* iPlastic (Converted from Textmate)
* IR_Black (Converted from Textmate)
* Ironman
* IR_White (Converted from Textmate)
* Kate
* LAZY (Converted from Textmate)
* Lowlight (Converted from Textmate)
* Mac Classic (Converted from Textmate)
* MacMoose (Converted from Textmate)
* MagicWB (Amiga) (Converted from Textmate)
* Matrix (Converted from Textmate)
* Merbivore (Converted from Textmate)
* Merbivore Soft (Converted from Textmate)
* Midnight (Converted from Textmate)
* minimal Theme (Converted from Textmate)
* monoindustrial (Converted from Textmate)
* Monokai (Converted from Textmate)
* Neopro (Converted from Textmate)
* Notepad 2 (Converted from Textmate)
* Overcast (Converted from Textmate)
* Pastels on Dark (Converted from Textmate)
* PlasticCodeWrap (Converted from Textmate)
* Plum Dump (Converted from Textmate)
* Railscasts (Converted from Textmate)
* Railscasts Improved
* RDark (Converted from Textmate)
* Ruby Blue (Converted from Textmate)
* Rubycius
* RubyRobot (Converted from Textmate)
* Ryan Light (Converted from Textmate)
* Slate (Converted from Textmate)
* Slush & Poppies (Converted from Textmate)
* Slush and Poppies (Mod)
* Smurfy (Converted from Textmate)
* SpaceCadet (Converted from Textmate)
* SpaceCadet Pro (Converted from Textmate)
* Spetacular (Converted from Textmate)
* Stoneship (Converted from Textmate)
* Sunburst (Converted from Textmate)
* Swyphs II (Converted from Textmate)
* Tango (Converted from Textmate)
* Tek (Converted from Textmate)
* Text Ex Machina (Converted from Textmate)
* Textmate (mac classic) (Converted from Textmate)
* Tinge
* Travis Jeffery (Converted from Textmate)
* Twilight (Converted from Textmate)
* Twilight Modified
* Vibrant Fun
* Vibrant Ink (Converted from Textmate)
* Vibrant Nerd
* Warm Grey
* Why's Poingnant (Converted from Textmate)
* Wombat
* Zenburn
* Zenburnesque (Converted from Textmate)


=== Language Improvements and Mime Types

* Ruby on Rails improvements
* rhtml/erb Syntax Highlight
* Basic YAML Syntax Highlight
* HAML Syntax Highlight
* reStructuredText Syntax Highlight
* Markdown Syntax Highlight
* Cucumber Syntax Highlight
* SASS Syntax Highlight
* Groovy and gsp Support (Included bundle created by Aaron Eischeid)


=== Tags Definitions
* Groovy Tags (Included bundle created by Aaron Eischeid)


=== Code snippets

<b>I need help to create a good snippet base, for now current snippets I got from some place, and most are outdated.</b>

== Notes

In addition if your syntax not works properly just with install process you can
edit your <tt>/etc/mime.types</tt> file and add following lines next to other
“text/x-????” entries:

  text/x-ruby-source                              rhtml html.erb erb
  text/x-eruby                                    rjs
  text/x-yaml                                     yml yaml

  … Same for other mime types and extensions


More info : http://blog.siverti.com.br/gmate

If you have issues with one of the plugins included in Gmate or have suggestions
please fill an issue in http://github.com/gmate/gmate/issues


Refer to each plugin source code and readme file to get information about
specific plugin licencing and copyright.

